feat(curriculum): New steps to teach lists (#55167)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/07-scientific-computing-with-python/learn-lambda-functions-by-building-an-expense-tracker/6669539c1379793f9cb8917c.md

---
id: 6669539c1379793f9cb8917c
title: Step 5
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-5
---

# --description--

An other thing you can do with bracket notation is change an element value.

> 

Reviewer: It is evident now, but maybe we should say that lists can hold different data types.

---
id: 6669539c1379793f9cb8917c
title: Step 5
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-5
---

# --description--

> Another thing you can do with bracket notation is change an element value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Python lists are mutable which means that the value of the list items can be changed.
You can change an element's value using the bracket notation.
```

---
id: 6669539c1379793f9cb8917c
title: Step 5
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-5
---

# --description--

Python lists are mutable which means that the value of the list items can be changed.

> You can change an element's value using the bracket notation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can change the value of an element using the bracket notation.
```

> Python lists are mutable which means that the value of the list items can be changed.
> You can change the value of an element using the bracket notation.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Python lists are mutable which means that the value of the list items can be changed. You can change the value of an element using the bracket notation.
```
